feat(organize_imports): support `bun:`, `#`, absolute imports (#503)
biomejs/biome: website/src/content/docs/analyzer/index.mdx

Import statements are sorted by "distance". Modules that are "farther" from the user are put on the top, modules "closer" to the user are put on the bottom:

1. modules imported via `bun:` protocol. This is applicable when writing code run by Bun;
2. built-in Node.js modules that are explicitly imported using the `node:` protocol and common Node built-ins such as `assert`;
3. modules imported via `npm:` protocol. This is applicable when writing code run by Deno;
4. modules imported via URL;
5. modules imported from libraries;
6. modules imported via absolute imports;

> 7. modules imported from a name prefixed by `#`. This is applicable when [writing code run by Node](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#subpath-imports);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. modules imported from a name prefixed by `#`. This is applicable when using [Node's subpath imports](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#subpath-imports);
```

> 1. modules imported via `bun:` protocol. This is a valid syntax when writing code run by Bun;
> 2. built-in Node.js modules that are explicitly imported using the `node:` protocol;
> 3. modules imported via `npm:` protocol. This is a valid syntax when writing code run by Deno, for example;
> 4. modules imported via URL;
> 5. modules imported from libraries;
> 6. modules imported via absolute imports;
> 7. modules imported from a name prefixed by `#`. This is a valid syntax when [writing code run by Node](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#subpath-imports);
> 8. modules imported via relative imports;
> 9. modules that couldn't be identified by the previous criteria;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. modules imported via `bun:` protocol. This is applicable when writing code run by Bun;
2. built-in Node.js modules that are explicitly imported using the `node:` protocol;
3. modules imported via `npm:` protocol. This is applicable when writing code run by Deno, for example;
4. modules imported via URL;
5. modules imported from libraries;
6. modules imported via absolute imports;
7. modules imported from a name prefixed by `#`. This is applicable when [writing code run by Node](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#subpath-imports);
8. modules imported via relative imports;
9. modules that couldn't be identified by the previous criteria;
```

I think "valid syntax" is not entirely correct (I know I am the one who wrote it 😅 )
